m
we're counting on you
we are talking here
his story was done
Admiral
three kilometers
he learned about this bitumen
no panic to which houseboat
the western festival the day before
its clientele is international
and it's been ten years since lurking photographers exploited the vein
the mythical climb
all amateurs
anonymous as paolo from italy for cci
on the theater of his idol
but easier to take place
the other of pantani that in to match the performances
the link with the public highway
Furthermore
it's important for you to decide any time
wind up doing it
I have him
I will get there
21 turns 15 km of racing in the blazing sun and yet
they are more of a
hiller every day
we can challenge ourselves
some landed on the ground others more cushy
the league of champions who are you going to try to do m
the mecca of cycling one way
today we are in the error of taking rest
and look at what are people who have left flowers 8 this end panel
year
the facts it's a big guy in 2000 waiting for the year in the
mounted the volume 37 minutes and 57 seconds
7,797
the record has not been beaten yet
franck also wanted to try it
he tackles his last corner for injury
segura
for the global one year ago before
the same
age 57
that moment I just want to see
like what
it was his bomb then record as much as we can today
so next week's courses
- Sun
it's a performance
santander is obviously not running after the exploits
it's a little better with a bike weighing more than 13 kilos here
they are extraterrestrial
gold is good it's good
the francafrica
the kelly must